

the endless buss though the think milky soup sky..
how are we late on an empryroad? 
andd why are all the lights red.

arrvial.

the cabbie.

the tip

quick beer, qicker wiskhy shot,.. all the pretext.

11:11 are we at the metoway?,
 votage and battle of the metrowayz

 oblaste portal 90 bermingam,
 -scenes from the cliff
 train
[insert photos here]
 the most secure empty lot on earth.(with razerwire)
}

many random incounters.
moral support for the EVIL (FIN rejection.))

long chats well the blastbeats, and 90s english sythwaves reverbreated of the cubrloing trainway hilside.
i did take a walk up to the tracks (easly nearly 2 stores? and the rocks were sharp and loose. and deyf imagined on of the collecitons
of people falling down splating perhps into the moshpit or the massive or a PA or mabye even that weird most secure empty lot ever.
though i suppose the lot was not acculy entily empity. (as we had desucessed its existed the next day, we recalled atlest oneor two uility tursk of some kind
that did not look that fancy or nessaryly needing to be held as secure as hatisian refugees. but their they were.. their was also quiet the colleciton of weeds
and bramble that was growign up in the lot. pehraps they had cross the border illigally and now were awating their deportations... oh and a some kind half wooden electisl poll
and a few lamps.. all of which must have done some real bad things in the war to be confed to a 2 or 3 story tall frence dawned with razorwire spools. bad bad things.))

crowed id delcared to be very milinials. id say majory of people were in there 30s. mabye a few older and a few younger but vast majorty was defy true blue dooomermilinials.
with their bzzar and conflicting fasionsness was bizzar and meistules. genreally kept to the outskirts of the crowed. wonding along the edges. occaional collided with an old
freind or aquances.. which i belive most of the time was spent chating about this that. though its all abithaazy outside of talks with sarah about the FIN submission,
which had lead to the offene of the filmer, though she had was appaled at the festival saying the music video was great and they deseverd any bad things i had to say to them. hhee


dance dance dont bring the water, just the wiksy cola.

light rturns lukcly get green.

sleep..some werid dreams? 

the moring dawns a new day without me//
though the sounds of vommhting resnonates down the hall...
 afew more hours of sleep

 well i guess ill leave the couch.
 make coffe. slince of a small peice of apple to nibble..

 defintly a bad choice..
 lets join the puke party!
 well its been a few hours and we do really need to ge to the butcher,
 and gstore..

 best puke some more for the road..
 contemplate avincing freind to do same.. don't will regrent rlater.

 brizilan bucther, has a english speaking thremonotry that tells you "temptrute is normal.."
 idk about it, but does the woman in the trhomintry know my migran,, im kindahappy it knows 
 the diffrence btween a hangover and covid fevror, but then again i was hoping for more..
 i spent alot of time thinkng about this well handling meat.
 4.40 for the pork loine wijnnnn
 7.somthing for the two chicken brest. not so much.
 hotscause. hot scoices eep that ones 8 buycjs? nooothgx.
 5 ok fine very very pquicant? coool. how can a bunchger shop not have warsiter scauce?
 andd why the fuck does the fridge only havw fancye 1600 colas, and werid bizzilain apple pop.
 we are in desprate need of gingerail..

 exit store. freind is huddled over siting in shade.. umm looks alot more pail dont thinkn its gin well
 on the insides..
 walking back finall next gstore.
 ill go in again this time, rangle up what we need.
 woman crosss path clearly opposed to top undergamants..
 yet aparntly has decide to go with mega white mini skirt. andd what do you evem call those clip up pantyhoes?
 i thought hose onyl existed in movies and pornos.. i guess their real? huh.. that also very short but i do need
 go go gets us some onions.. so leave my freind to contune the visual invesgation of this pressing problem.

 luckly some halpoenonz pepers exist...
 which i do solect 1 yellow bell peoper. unsure of how many bell peppers we were infomrne dthe night before by zoe. she was bring... flash back to our deparute from rave were we dieced it was still a good idea to drink more cola wisky well walking to main street cuz well its luqide and hidrating right? anwyoz zoe had biked by us and walked with us. decuessing what the dinner plans for poptluck and though had designed her squash intentions,had also these bell peppers (of whihc at this next day the number escaped me..) to wich i had said we could stuff them... (hence i had lose visions of my meat, being maranted diced and mixed with vgeabele and be reheated once stuffed on locaiton later)... the herbs. need herbs.. find parcily and poweterd orgagon? is sthis one organic? do i want organic oragona?.basle? waht the price anyhow... you know what. i getting nasuish and i think i waving abit stnading in the spice area... gota moveo on yah mustard needed that... but wheres the warishtier sscauce.. passing twice in naro ally of empoli sturnlgy to label something.. you know waht dont think i should be here much more.. time to egress. 

 walking back atlest we've got the need stuff...
 my friend relize it  no longer tenable to mantiain his black coffee and granla bar. though some does splash back on the tip of his running shou and glasses.. though we do make it back afer.. i begin to prep the vetgbale and marnate scuace,, got to get htis done before fainting. or perhaps i;ll be luckly and a brain anrunsim will free me of this world...
 omg 

lie upon the couch. but theirs a fun cycle of the migran, esclates the nasua which disturps my contration to dispate
said migrain.. this is untnable...
down some more gingrail glass of water, and go into wahroom. puke it up. ahh ok.. thats better.
take 1st advial of day... ok... we got enough time for few horu nap ebfore meat gota go in oven..
me and freind retrate tot he darked livingroom blackowt brlines drawn. . on his larnge couch each currle dup on the  opposte side.. they doze with a pillow ontop of them. i have my blanekt and pllow and slip in and out of the void... hour(s?)late. i come out of haze feeling much better. fire of a email...

"insrt email exchage  here"

 /// the nap

meat cooks and spirt rices.
cartoons are good for a break.
 //
 pork juce the new fragrnce for your pants!
 just add some dryed rehidrated cola stanes.

 aparnrly the big shoued man.
 his massive brown shoues were quite a distracion
 though his very glarry scarry eyes were also so. and he paanrlty did  not apprate
 or foray into our new prefuew devlopment plans.

 as he setps off. i casual metion "that man did have some big shouse.." to wich my friend responced
 indeed, he also was graling at us. 
 umm yes we descuess how he should be inlcuded in our onging list of "dangours, angry agro dudes, who aparntly
 are scarry."/.. perhaps he dont like anglos. epsicla ones in red jumpers dress and military camo. clearly going to a party. 

 stm broke thier website..
 also broke thier call system..
 somehow paper is still accurate.
 though when we bord my paper tooken i'd clearl fussed wtih. is now inorptable. not only does it blast red. and that horrfing buzzing notce it apaprnlty decide to jam in the mechine... man starts asking if i need a transfer but i miss undersand and think hes asking me WERE i tranfred from,, (not where im trasfing too)
once i undersand i mumble alll good no no. and go find my seat.
the enxt 10 min we see him occatiol fighting with mechine. trying to unbreak it... 

mealperpein.kitchen times.
"your already sniping?"
.. err? why drink my beer i dont want when thiers clearly at the very least a bottle of wine per person. 

// canadan hartage moment. a west african royalty, jewish princess  and a estern anlgo, fight to proect a semi moldy pepper from the west cost elitsits. bent on jette.
irony is as iwrite this, i was thinknig about how i coulda used said pepper. that i watched with horro as it diepared into the gabage cuz alittle black modle on thebottom.. (and i eat my 11pm supre snack. that i used pesto which i scrabed top few table spoons off as thier was abit of mold on it... )



catholic poltics and the last summer air.
//



enough of this wine, gota start werrrird mixin.


may i have one? 
well i have these?
ah that. you know it mihgt be better with vodoka.
oh it defintly be better with vodka and sparky water.
does white tquila work? is this vodka?  its your mini bar? 


dont say no.
but defntly exuse yourself to the belcony to lower your blood presure and breath.
breath.


casutly calls


note; 1st button has engaed in some kind of poltical reblion from being attached.
perhaps TMR jew priness aparnly have politcal staments agnest buttons.(this story delvopes...)


entires room with whitebox full of orginzed phtotos...
umm i have one here of your hands!... its int he sical secion..(i defy want to be in the speical secion.)
ah but you dont want to see all these.. prorly nake in some of them.... {noo im pirtysure i want to see all of those.}. oh well. guess i;ll have to accept the only a 2nd button has aparnly joined in protest.

[insrt photo here]lin
think its time for another bunch of fresh air..

ok ok... mabye i can hid somewhere else? wheres that polish man, im sure i have more to rant about...
aparntly he already got himself catch by tatbatha. andd so i insenrt myself into this.. goina be good.

scarring the freindly polakiz

doom and gloom obsure brutal history of the frontire. from your waky arty jummper dress beared regulary
and  tbatha jamaican jewish ammature hisotrian with encrable skill at producing ethrawling horrfing acocunts
of all the absure horrors of the past 300 years. well they compeate to tell the bleaksit darkist stores of the nationss.




other inpornt objects
[photo of book,]
[photo of recured and retieved multi pen]

mainphotos of major players
[d.aj]
[bek,sar]
[rosie,alex]
[hilz atom]
[balbeina,wilson]
[tabth]

[brad]



alases
known enemys
buttons, 